Learn/link updates derek (#8487)
hashicorp/consul: website/pages/downloads_tools/index.mdx

- [Envconsul](https://github.com/hashicorp/envconsul) - Read and set environmental variables for processes from Consul.
- [Consul Migrate](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-migrate) - Data migration tool to handle Consul upgrades to 0.5.1+
- [Consul Replicate](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-replicate) - Consul cross-DC KV replication daemon.

> - [Consul Template](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-template) - Generic template rendering and notifications with Consul. A step by step tutorial is at [HashiCorp Learn](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/consul/consul-template).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Consul Template](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-template) - Generic template rendering and notifications with Consul. A step-by-step tutorial is available on [HashiCorp Learn](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/consul/consul-template).
```
